[♪ tense music playing]
[man] Let me know when you see it.
I've got nothing.
You check the battery?
Come on. Kat. already did.
and I checked the switch.
- [beeping]
- Got it.
All right. Next one.
We should go out further
before we drop another.
[thunder rumbling]
Crap!
Look at that storm out there.
It's gonna be a monster.
Kat?
What the hell?
Do you see that?
[Velma] We've got a job.
if you're interested.
Pretty big reward.
[Colter] Keep it warm for me. will ya?
I've got a friend who needs my help.
- Daughter's missing.
- We're here if you need us.
I know.
[♪ tense country music playing]
Lizzy. I came as fast as I could.
Come here.
Thank you for coming.
Any word on Katie?
No. Sheriff Woods
expanded the search grid.
but there's no sign of a boat.
or Katie or Dylan.
It's been nearly two days
and there's nothing.
I don't know why I called.
Because I'm gonna help you find Katie
and her boyfriend.
But what if...
No. you can't think like that.
You know she's out there. you can feel it.
Right? That's why you called me?
Yeah.
If she's out there. every minute counts.
Let's get to work. Come on.
I want to get one thing straight.
I'm paying you a fee.
- Please. We'll talk about that later.
- No. we'll talk about it now.
Five grand. okay?
Fine. Okay.
So Katie and her boyfriend.
they took a boat out
to set storm trackers.
Yeah. They left late Friday afternoon.
I talked to Katie before they went out.
There was a big storm coming in
and they wanted to be ready.
I saw her storm chasing site.
Pretty impressive.
And terrifying if you're her mother.
but she loves it.
They take risks?
The most dramatic stuff gets the clicks.
They leave out of the marina?
No. they keep a boat up at the Point.
Why?
Sheriff Woods is always
giving them trouble.
saying that Katie's storm tracking
is pointless risk taking.
But what he doesn't get is.
she loves it. risks and all.
And she's good on the water.
She can handle herself.
Tell me about Dylan.
Third generation waterman.
Surf. scallop diving...
He basically grew up in the water.
That's good.
Increases their chances in case something
unexpected happened out there.
What do you mean?
Well. I followed the storm track
and there are a lot of places
the boat could have landed.
if in fact they were
out on the water when the storm hit.
The sheriff said they were.
Is there anything else you can think of
that might explain her disappearance?
I don't think so.
But Rachel might.
She's the third person
in their storm chasing team.
She works out at the surf shop on Main.
- Rachel?
- Yeah.
Okay.
Okay. Uh...
Text me Katie's cell phone
and Dylan's if you have it?
I need to get to work here.
- Let me know if you hear from the sheriff.
- I will.
Lizzy?
If Katie's out there. I'll find her.
[cell phone vibrating]
Hey.
Just checking in.
You don't ever just check in.
- I don't?
- No.
Now's not really a great time.
- Oh. that? Yeah.
- Thanks.
You really going through with it?
Oh. I'm doing it. I stayed up all night
writing my resignation letter.
- Wish me luck.
- Yeah. Good luck.
Anything from Russell?
No. I checked with my contact.
who has a line on that Horizon.
private military contractor he's with.
And he either won't tell me anything
or he doesn't know anything.
You got something?
- No. I just got to Sandy Point.
- [car engine starts]
What's in Sandy Point?
A place my family used to go.
Your family took vacations?
My dad called them "research trips."
There's a beach here.
I learned how to surf.
That's not why I'm here. though.
Family friend's daughter went missing.
I'll have some free time.
You need help with the job. let me know.
Will do. Thank you.
[beeps off]
[♪ faint music playing over speakers]
Rachel?
Colter Shaw.
Katie's mom hired me to help find her.
How long have you been storm chasing?
Three years.
Katie and I started together.
Dylan joined us last year.
But you didn't go on this last one?
No. I was at their place.
where we base out of.
plugging in data.
What do you think happened?
I know everyone thinks they capsized.
but I think something weird happened.
We were in touch by marine radio.
I have this program
that uploads our conversation.
so we can cut them into footage.
I was talking with Katie.
but she got cut off. Listen.
[Katie] Stormbase five.
Stormbase five. this is Juno. over.
[Rachel] Juno.
this is Stormbase five. over.
[Katie] We dropped the cams...
What... There's good...
[static crackles]
You have the location of the boat
when that came in?
Yeah.
It was right here.
Got it.
What time did she radio in?
2:32.
I know the storm
would have reached their location at 2:52.
So 20 minutes later.
They would've had time to come to shore.
Could've had a problem with the engine.
Any distress call?
No.
[sighs]
I'll need a copy of that audio.
Gonna give it to a guy.
Have him analyze it. clean it up.
Sure.
The cameras still on those buoys
out there?
I think so.
Can you locate 'em for me?
Think it's 200 yards out.
All right.
We attach a GoPro to every buoy.
Must've lost them all in the storm.
All right. We'll circle around
one more time before we head back.
See if we missed anything.
[♪ ominous music playing]
What is it?
Do you have kelp beds out here?
Yeah.
Looks like something might be
caught up in one.
Here we go.
Oh. my God.
It's Dylan.
[breathing heavily]
[Sheriff Woods] Mr. Shaw?
Hey. Sheriff Woods.
This is Deputy Kelman.
- How're you doing?
- Hi.
Any sign of the boat?
No. But if we find anything.
I'll be the first one to let Lizzy know.
Look. Mr. Shaw.
we know you're here to help.
but me and my team. we have this.
You might be dealing with something else.
Yeah. How's that?
Dylan looked like he'd been in a fight.
Probably hit his head going over.
Someone cut up his dry suit.
Why would someone do that?
Release any trapped air.
Help the body sink?
There's no sense
jumping to any conclusions.
A lot of stuff that can happen
to a body in the water.
especially with that storm.
Yeah.
But if somebody
intentionally cut up his dry suit.
we could be dealing with a murder.
Mr. Shaw. I'm not sure
what kind of place you think this is.
You telling me to mind my own business?
Not at all.
There's just no reason to jump
to Dylan being murdered.
I've seen strange stuff
that I thought was one thing.
and turned out to be another.
From what I saw. they had plenty of time
to get back to the shore before the storm.
I think someone else was out there
and intercepted the boat.
Mr. Shaw. I'd appreciate it
if you focused on finding Katie.
The summer folks will be coming soon.
There's no reason to get
people stirred up.
Right now. I've gotta
inform Dylan's parents.
We can talk about this later if you like.
[♪ tense music playing]
Deputy Kelman?
Yeah.
Did you know Katie and Dylan?
Sure. I got a brother who was friends
with Katie. went to school together.
- I should go.
- Why is that?
Your boss doesn't want you distracted?
He's looking out
for the best interests of the town.
By pretending that someone
didn't cave in Dylan's skull?
Or cut up his dry suit.
help the body sink?
You saw his body.
Looked like something
that happens in a storm?
Look. all I'm trying to do
is find out what happened to Katie.
And give her mom some hope.
At the very least. peace.
And I'm not trying to put you
in a bad spot with the sheriff.
But if you know of anyone
who might have had it out
for Katie or for Dylan.
that information would stay
between the two of us.
Okay.
There was a little thing
with the Sampson brothers. Xavier and Bo.
Katie and Dylan got
into a fight with them on the beach.
Do you know what about?
Can be pretty territorial.
They got into a fight because Katie
and Dylan were on the wrong beach?
Didn't make a lot of sense.
Dylan used to run
with the Sampson brothers.
At least he did.
back when I first got my badge.
There was a beef.
I thought the Sampsons
would have given him a pass.
- What did you do?
- Nothing much.
Let 'em off with a warning.
Any idea where I might find
these Sampson brothers?
Bo Sampson?
Yeah?
- What do you want?
- Looking for Katie Hawking.
She was out on the storm
with her friend Dylan.
Yeah. I heard about that.
Shame. Dylan was a good dude.
What were you two fighting about?
- Was he someplace he shouldn't have been?
- What?
No. that wasn't about territory.
His chick was getting in our business.
- Katie?
- Yeah.
Yeah. she had his head all turned around.
but it's all good. we sorted it.
- Who the hell is this?
- [Colter] Xavier?
Your brother was just
answering a few questions
I had about Katie and Dylan.
Why don't you get out of here?
- We don't need all that. do we?
- Oh. yeah?
What are you gonna do about it. huh?
[grunting]
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
I don't want any trouble.
I will defend myself.
Don't you start swinging.
- I'm gonna do what I have to do.
- Please.
Yeah? It's up to your brother.
What are you gonna do?
- Your call.
- Come on.
All right. Let him go.
Get the hell out of here.
Thanks for the info. Bo.
You boys have a good day.
[cell phone vibrating]
Bobby. what do you got?
It took a major cleanup.
but listen to this.
[Katie] Stormbase five.
Stormbase five. this is Juno. over.
[Rachel] Juno.
this is Stormbase five. Over.
[Katie] We dropped the cams.
but there's someone coming.
[Rachel] Wait. what?
[Katie] Dylan. what are they doing?
Someone else was out there with them.
It sure sounds like it.
Whoever it was knew enough
to remove the cameras from the buoys.
Can you trace those phone numbers
that I gave you?
See where she might've gone a day
prior to getting out on that boat?
Come on. now. see.
Of course I can.
Just give me a minute.
- Anything out of the ordinary?
- Mmm...
- [beeping]
- Surf shop.
Lizzy's restaurant.
Hold on.
What do you got?
Building on the docks.
It's been empty for about six months.
but Katie was there a couple days ago.
- Dylan there. too?
- Yeah. they both were.
Went in the middle of the night.
Give me the location?
You got it.
[chain clattering]
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[♪ suspenseful music continues playing]
It's not Katie.
I'll let you know if I find out
anything more. Lizzy. All right.
You ID'd the body?
Name's Haley Thomas.
went missing from Spokane. Washington.
three years ago.
- Any connection to Dylan or Katie?
- Not that I could find.
I looked at the report from Spokane PD.
She was a party girl.
[Colter] Hmm.
I saw a camera in front of the building
where I found the body.
It was the exact same kind of camera
that Katie and Dylan
used for their storm chasing videos.
You think they put that up?
It's the only thing
I can think of that makes sense.
Maybe they were trying to figure out
who was responsible.
The question I have
is how did they know the body was there?
Maybe Dylan knew.
or maybe they saw
something they shouldn't have seen.
What was Dylan doing
with the Sampsons when you first started?
I booked him for possession.
Used to run stuff in
during the summer for parties.
Could get pretty heavy
with the summer folk wanting to cut loose.
Bring in girls like Haley Thomas?
It's possible.
So maybe the fight that Katie and Dylan
were having with the Sampsons
had nothing to do with beach territory
or. or storm chasing.
Maybe it was about that rundown building.
You checked the camera
before you called in the body?
SD cards had been removed.
Katie never mentioned
the name Haley Thomas?
No. Why?
I think she was
trying to figure out who killed her.
She was always about this town
and its secrets.
There's lots of rumors about drugs and sex
and I don't know.
Summer people. Rich out-of-towners.
The place sure has changed.
You think someone figured out
what they were up to?
And they killed Dylan.
As a warning. maybe to keep him quiet?
Katie and Dylan live together?
Yeah. I have a key to their place.
When was the last time you were there?
Not since the first night
they went missing.
When she was young.
did Katie have a secret hiding place
she would keep a diary. drugs.
anything she didn't want you to find?
Katie wasn't into drugs
and we told each other everything.
Come on.
you never took a snoop in her room?
Yeah. of course I did.
A few times.
There's a couple of places.
Okay. tell me.
[♪ tense music playing]
[♪ ominous music playing]
- Did you do this?
- No.
I'm guessing the Sampsons.
You found something. didn't you?
Yeah. I'm not sure what it means yet.
Burner phone. How did you find that?
Cheat code from Katie's mom.
- So Dylan was still dealing?
- I don't think so.
I think whatever they stumbled upon.
they realized they couldn't trust anyone
in this town. including your sheriff.
If they'd come to me.
I'd have done the right thing.
They didn't.
If you think that I don't
want to help find Katie. you're wrong.
I can help. if you let me.
Check this out.
This app right here.
this is for recording phone calls.
Let's see if we get lucky here.
[Dylan] Hey. Mr. Talbott.
You think about what I said?
That's Dylan.
We know where the body is.
[man 1] I'm warning you.
Drop this.
Don't call me again.
Wanna tell me about this Talbott guy?
Vince Talbott.
Owns a big house in town.
Vacations here every summer.
I'm guessing the Sampsons and Dylan
supply his parties.
Drugs. girls.
whatever he's willing to pay for?
Maybe.
Dylan knew that Haley Thomas died
at one of Talbott's parties.
He and Katie were trying
to make him come clean.
And when he didn't.
they planted those cameras.
[sighs]
- I should call this in.
- No.
Let's figure out
who's connected to Talbott first.
I don't know.
You want to help Katie?
This is how you do it.
Where are you going?
Kick over a few rocks.
see what slithers out.
[cell phone vibrating]
- [phone beeps]
- Reenie.
[Reenie] You sure do know how to pick 'em.
You find something on Vince Talbott?
Yeah. shady rich financier.
Nobody. I mean.
nobody knows how he made his money.
And he's under federal investigation.
What for?
Racketeering and sex trafficking.
My guess. he's cleaning house.
or houses. since he has four of them.
And he has four ex-wives.
I'm at his house in town right now.
Gonna push on him a bit.
See if he pushes back.
He's not gonna be there.
My source gave me some pretty reliable
intel on where he goes
when he wants to keep a low profile.
It doesn't matter.
I think he's connected
to some guys here in town.
I need to make sure.
Okay.
Look. my FBI contacts
wanna know anything you find.
So let me know. Good luck.
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[doorbell buzzing]
[man 2 on intercom] Can I help you?
I'd like to speak to Vince Talbott.
My name's Colter Shaw.
What's this about?
About a former employee of his.
He'd be interested in what I have to say.
Sorry. Mr. Talbott isn't available.
[call ends]
- [man 3] Hey.
- Hey!
You need to leave
the premises immediately.
Oh. no. I was trying
to get some information
about Dylan Fisher
and his girlfriend Katie Hawking?
Those names ring a bell at all?
Leave now.
Right now?
I just got here.
Okay. What are you doing. man?
I'm asking questions.
[grunts]
Ow!
[coughing] Okay.
Message received.
I think you answered my questions.
You have a good day. gentlemen.
[line ringing]
Better not have taken a shot for nothing.
Hmm. sorry. guy.
Another 30 seconds.
and I would have had him.
Are you serious?
Nah. I'm just messing with you. man.
Of course I got it. [chuckles]
You let him hit you?
You said you needed time.
I did. and I was able
to piggyback off your cell
and hack into the house's Wi-Fi.
which connects to every device
on the network.
Who did he call?
A Xavier Sampson.
I'm tracking his phone.
- Give me a sec for the location.
- [beeping]
Send it.
On its way.
[cell phone vibrating]
[line ringing]
- [Reenie] Hey.
- He's not at Sandy Point.
- Hope your lead's good.
- Of course it is.
In fact. I'm just about
to have a chat with him.
- You're with him? Reenie?
- Come on. Colter.
I live to watch men like this squirm.
- Be careful.
- Don't worry.
I'm gonna have fun. press his buttons.
and speed up the process.
Hi. I'm looking for a Vince Talbott.
Got it. Thank you.
Vince Talbott.
I'm sorry. Do I know you?
No.
What can I help you with?
Oh. I have plenty of good lawyers.
Miss Greene.
Oh. I'm not offering my services.
What's this about?
Sandy Point. Oregon.
You own a property there?
I have many properties.
Oh. I'm aware.
Is there something you want from me?
An explanation.
But I'm guessing
there's no real explanation.
so how about I cut to the chase?
Please.
Haley Thomas.
[♪ tense music playing]
I'm not familiar with the name.
She came to one of your parties
in Sandy Point.
You had your fun.
Maybe it went a little too far.
She never left.
You thought you had
that all taken care of.
Threw some money at the problem.
called in some favors.
It was like she never existed.
And you just went on your way.
Party time's over. Vince.
I thought you just might
like to hear that.
'Cause you're going down
for what you did to that girl.
Be very careful. Miss Greene.
Smart. charming woman like yourself.
there's no telling what might happen.
Oh. there it is.
Oh. nice.
You know you're not
the first rich. powerful man
who thinks the rules don't apply to him.
to threaten me.
I just thought you'd like to know
the lay of the land.
I don't even know what that means.
but here's what I do know.
You're going down
and I'll be sure to be there
when it happens.
It's a date.
- Pleasure meeting you. Miss Greene.
- Hmm.
How did it go with Talbott?
You should've seen his face
when I mentioned Haley Thomas.
So he's involved?
Yes. definitely.
Stay away from him.
He's dangerous.
Gladly. I feel like I need to go home
and take a shower.
He's got major Epstein vibes.
- What the hell?
- What?
Xavier Sampson and the sheriff
are having a little meeting.
Huh.
He made me. I gotta go.
- You don't want to do that.
- It's already done.
- You're coming with me or...
- Or what?
Gonna shoot me?
That what your brother
and Sheriff Woods want you to do?
- Shut up.
- Who killed Dylan?
Was it your brother?
Just move.
Sheriff Woods and your brother.
they want you to clean up their messes?
Why? So you can prove yourself?
I don't have to prove myself to anyone.
No. you're right. You don't.
Where's Katie?
She still alive?
Whatever your brother did.
it doesn't have to land on you.
You have no idea
what you're talking about.
I know. Your brother.
he asked you to take care of Katie. right?
But you couldn't do it
because you're not that guy. right?
You never will be that guy.
You can shoot me right now
and prove me wrong.
but I'm guessing
you wanna do the right thing.
I don't know if she's alive or not.
She was already banged up and bleeding.
so I... I couldn't shoot her.
I just left her.
Where?
Bo. she could still be alive.
Where'd you leave her?
[♪ suspenseful music playing]
[breathing heavily]
Katie.
- Colter?
- Yeah.
Your mom sent me to come find you.
Nice wrap job there.
Let me take a look.
How long you been out here?
I don't know.
Two days. I guess.
Why didn't you phone for help?
My phone was in the boat.
What the hell happened out there?
Talbott. He...
He must have sent the Sampsons after us.
[wincing] Dylan tried to get away.
But Xavier killed him.
I jumped overboard.
I got away until Bo caught up with me.
I thought he was going to kill me.
But he just ditched me on the shore.
Hoped I'd die. I guess.
You made your way here.
It was as far as I could get.
I was hurt pretty bad.
and I needed to figure out a plan.
Well. I'll give you a plan.
We're gonna get you out of here fast.
Fast? I don't know.
- Slow and steady. maybe?
- I'll take it.
- [chuckles]
- [rumbling]
What is it?
I'm guessing it's the Sampsons.
[♪ tense music playing]
[both grunting]
Bo tell you?
[chuckles]
[groans]
You're screwed. man.
You don't even know.
Where the hell is she. huh?
- [Katie grunts]
- [Xavier groans]
[panting]
[banging on door]
Oh!
- Hi.
I got good news about Katie.
- Is she okay?
- She's better than okay.
[gasps]
Okay. Can I see her?
Well. she's still a little banged up.
but as soon as she's done
being patched up. they'll bring her home.
Oh. my God.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Is that coffee I smell?
Oh. yeah. I just put on a fresh pot.
I sure could use some.
- Yeah. Come on in. Come on in.
- Thank you.
[cell phone vibrating]
Lizzy. it's okay.
I've got Katie. She's safe.
That's what I figured.
Woods.
- [chuckling]
- I'm at Lizzy's.
We're all excited to see you.
You bring Katie to me.
You got 15 minutes
or I put a bullet in your friend.
[♪ intense music playing]
[♪ ominous music playing]
You could let me go.
We're not gonna tell anybody anything.
It's not our business.
Katie made it her business.
All of this is her fault.
She was just trying to do the right thing.
Well. now I gotta clean it up.
[knocking on door]
That you. Shaw?
Kelman. what's going on?
I got a call from him.
Had some idea about how I was
gonna help him take you down.
It didn't work out so well. did it?
Cuff him.
Sit him down on the sofa.
Where's Katie?
Squad car.
Handcuffed in the back.
What do you want do with her?
- I'll take care of this.
- No. no. she's just a kid!
She's just a kid!
[♪ tense music playing]
Drop your weapon!
Hands in the air!
[siren wailing]
Down on your knees. now! Now!
Put your hands behind your head!
Katie's safe.
She's on the way.
I don't even know what to say.
Thank you so much.
Kelman. thank you.
Nothing to thank me for.
You were right.
That old building
where you found Haley Thomas' body?
Traces back to a cousin of Sheriff Woods.
I'm not sure why he kept her
in the freezer.
Insurance.
As long as Woods had that body.
Talbott couldn't turn on him.
And Katie and Dylan found out?
I think Dylan knew and told Katie
and Katie wanted to bring 'em all down.
When they found out about the cameras.
they used the storm to get rid of Dylan.
Make it look like an accident.
but Katie got away.
You should go out there.
make sure Woods knows this was you.
What about Talbott?
I have a friend taking care of Talbott.
Okay.
Are you okay?
- Yeah?
- I'll be fine.
Okay.
Thank you.
You're a survivor.
You saved yourself.
Hey. Vince.
This is the date you had in mind?
I have nothing to say to you.
I'm sure the strong.
silent type will be a big hit in prison.
Enjoy.
[siren wails]
[cell phone vibrating]
- [Colter] Hey.
- Hey. The Feds just picked up Talbott.
He had a jet booked.
He was planning to leave the country.
- That's great.
- Yeah. they've got a lot more on him.
so he'll be going away
for a very long time.
Thank you for the assist on this one.
Anytime.
Oh. uh. by the way.
Russell surfaced.
You found him?
No. actually. he found me.
He sent me a selfie of him at a bar
on the beach in Argentina.
- Really?
- Yeah.
He asked me if I wanted to join him
for dinner in Buenos Aires.
I told him
that I would have to pass on that.
I'm kind of busy.
Well. I owe you.
You helped me bring down Talbott.
So whatever you need. you just...
You just ask.
Talbott is pro bono. okay?
Nothing better than taking down
rich creeps
who think money
can buy them out of anything.
Consider it my public service duty.
Anyway. it's been
a really long couple of days.
Told my jerk boss off. quit my job.
watched Talbott get arrested.
You know. um...
you're more than welcome
to join me up here
for a couple of days.
I'm gonna take some time and relax.
- Uh...
- I'm serious.
I'd love to.
But I...
I'm gonna head home
and pour a big old glass of wine.
You know. order in.
watch some trashy TV
under my weighted blanket.
Figure some stuff out.
Okay. Okay.
When you're done figuring.
you know where to find me.
I sure do. don't I?
Yes. you do.
[breathes deeply]
Thank you.
All right.
Oh. Lizzy. hey. look...
Shh. Eat.
How's Katie?
Pretty shook up over Dylan.
Can't imagine what she went through.
She'll be all right. She's tough.
Like her mom.
I don't know if I would call myself tough.
Oh. come on.
Been tough your whole life.
Even as a kid.
I remember a certain someone
giving Russell a black eye.
- I did not.
- And a bloody nose.
He was being a jerk and said that
I couldn't beat him to the docks.
And then. he accused me of cheating.
For the record.
Russell made me lie to Dad about that.
I had to make up some story
about him saving a seal
- or something like that.
- Bet that didn't fly.
No. it did not.
Good times. though.
Were they. really?
For me. they were. Yeah.
Oh. my parents were
going through a divorce back then.
Yeah. I remember that.
There was something weird
going on with our parents.
- My mom and your dad...
- They worked together.
Yeah. not that.
They were having an affair.
Well. I didn't know that.
There's a lot I don't know.
It's like I have all these pieces
and none of them fit together.
Yeah.
But that's not the weird part.
Last year. when my mom passed away.
I was going through her stuff
and most of it was junk.
But there was this file box under her bed.
Inside it were all these
research papers and journals.
very personal ones.
At first. I didn't know what this was.
And then I realized
it belonged to your father.
It was his work.
Why would she have something like that?
I asked myself the same thing.
And then.
I had this memory of him visiting
right before he died.
- He came up here?
- Yeah.
And you saw them together?
My room overlooked the driveway.
and I could hear him shouting one night.
I looked out the window
and my mom and your dad
were having some kind of argument.
And then they stopped and hugged
and she carried this box into the house.
You know he worked for the government?
- Doing what?
- I don't know.
You still have that box?
Maybe there's something in there
about what he was doing.
No. I don't.
I didn't know what to do with it.
so I called Dory
and she had me send it to her.
Dory has it?
Yeah.
She didn't tell me that.
[Lizzy] Oh...
[sighs] It's all in the past.
I mean. maybe we just leave it there.
You know. it's funny.
That's the same thing
Dory keeps telling me.
"Leave it in the past."
But if you want to go down this path.
maybe talk to your mother about it.
No.
She had me believe that my brother
was behind my father's death.
Kept us apart.
I don't know why
I even brought up the box.
Something just didn't seem right.
No. thank you.
[♪ "Gimme Shelter" playing]
Maybe all that time.
they were protecting you.
Protecting me from what?
What are you gonna do now?
- Right now?
- Mmm-hmm.
Nothing.
♪ Ooh. a storm is threat'ning ♪
♪ My very life today ♪
♪ If I don't get some shelter ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm gonna fade away ♪
♪ A war. children ♪
♪ It's just a shot away
It's just a shot away ♪
♪ War. children ♪
♪ It's just a shot away
It's just a shot away ♪